Hi, my name is Kelsey Dunfield.
I'm the behavior intervention mentor
at River Valley Middle School
in Grand Bay/Westfield.
I get the opportunity
to run a lot of social groups.
So I do some one on one with kids
as well as with social groups.
And it's often for like skill streaming,
social awareness,
emotional regulation,
everything like that.
One of the things
that have been a really big hit
this year that I've run is the Preschool
buddies group.
So a group of students,
who maybe need some connections
or a break from class or movement,
really all kinds of different reasons.
We go over to the preschool
and we read to them, we play with them,
we engage, and it's really cool
to just see the see the students
follow the preschoolers lead and engage
in, because one of the other groups
that I did this year
that was a big hit was Sensory Explorers.
So it was a lot of saline making.
That's always what the kids want to do.
But talking about the different senses
and relating it back to the curriculum
and,
and social emotional awareness through it.
How does your body feel
when you play with this thing?
when you move around?
And things like that.
So lots of exploration.
I can
I can ask a kid to do something ten times,
but if I don't have a connection
with them, they're not going to do it.
So really, that's at the end of the day.
Connection and safety and a feeling.
Feeling trusted, feeling like they,
we want them
to learn as much as they want to learn.
And that's that's been huge.
One of the biggest things that I use in
my practices would be, role playing.
So role
play out the situations, social scenarios.
What would you do
if you're in this situation?
And it's been a really helpful tool.
And kids often feel silly,
while they're doing it, but afterwards
they go, hey, that made a lot of sense.
Or like, I can actually do that.
So it always helps them kind of figure.
Figure it out.
I've seen kids be able to come out,
come out of their shells
and form relationships
and connect with people.
And I've seen some kids, when they walk
through the doors, they don't hide
or they don't put their hood
up to protect themselves.
I've seen
the growth that they're able to come in
and feel welcomed and go to the office
and say, hi, Miss Conveyors and gation
and keep walking and come right to this.
And then there's always a line of the kids
looking for me in the morning,
which I kind of love,
because it just shows that they want
to be here and it's a safe space for them.
So it's definitely, definitely helps.
A lot of kids feel safe, I think.